ParaRegistration proxy to Polkadot and Kusama (#520)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Location conversion tests for relays and parachains ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#516](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/issues/516))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Location conversion tests for relays and parachains ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#487](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/487))
```
This looks accidental
